docs(targetRef): added information about proxyTypes (#1605)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/targetref.md

    - Note that it's very strongly recommended to target MeshGateway proxies using this
      kind, as opposed to MeshService/MeshServiceSubset.

{% if_version gte:2.6.x %}

> Since version 2.6.x, the `targetRef` now allows the selection of a subset of Dataplanes. A new field, proxyTypes, has been introduced to apply policies to:
> - `Sidecar` - refers specifically to Dataplanes acting as sidecars to applications.
> - `Gateway` - applies to Dataplanes operating in Gateway mode.
> - Empty list - which refers to all Dataplanes.

Reviewer: Wdyt?

```suggestion
In {{site.mesh_product_name}} 2.6.x, the `targetRef` field gained the ability to select a specific subset of data plane proxies. To further refine policy enforcement, a new field named `proxyTypes` has been introduced. It allows you to target policies to specific types of data plane proxies:
- `Sidecar`: Targets data plane proxies acting as sidecars to applications.
- `Gateway`: Applies to data plane proxies operating in Gateway mode.
- Empty list: Defaults to targeting all data plane proxies.
```
